# Environmental variables

- [ ] When starting the mastercontainer with `-e APACHE_PORT=11000` on a clean instance, the domaincheck container should be started with that same port published. That makes sure that also the Apache container will use that port later on. Using a value here that is not a port will not allow the mastercontainer to start correctly.
- [ ] When starting the mastercontainer with `-e APACHE_IP_BINDING=127.0.0.1` on a clean instance, the domaincheck container's apache port should only listen on localhost on the host. Using a value here that is not a number or dot will not allow the mastercontainer to start correctly.
- [ ] When starting the mastercontainer with `-e TALK_PORT=3479` on a clean instance, the talk container should use this port later on. Using a value here that is not a port will not allow the mastercontainer to start correctly. Also it should stop if apache_port and talk_port are set to the same value.
- [ ] Make also sure that reverse proxies work by following https://github.com/minimailboxes/all-in-one/blob/main/reverse-proxy.md#reverse-proxy-documentation and following [001-initial-setup.md](./001-initial-setup.md) and [002-new-instance.md](./002-new-instance.md)
- [ ] When starting the mastercontainer with `-e SKIP_DOMAIN_VALIDATION=true` on a clean instance, it should skip the domain verification. So it should accept any domain that you type in then.
- [ ] When starting the mastercontainer with `-e MINIMAILBOXES_DATADIR="/mnt/testdata"` it should map that location from `/mnt/testdata` to `/mnt/ncdata` inside the MiniMailboxes container. Not having adjusted the permissions correctly before starting the MiniMailboxes container the first time will not allow the MiniMailboxes container to start correctly. See https://github.com/minimailboxes/all-in-one#how-to-change-the-default-location-of-minimailboxess-datadir for allowed values.
- [ ] When starting the mastercontainer with `-e MINIMAILBOXES_MOUNT="/mnt/"` it should map `/mnt/` to `/mnt/` inside the MiniMailboxes container. See https://github.com/minimailboxes/all-in-one#how-to-allow-the-minimailboxes-container-to-access-directories-on-the-host for allowed values.
- [ ] When starting the mastercontainer with `-e MINIMAILBOXES_UPLOAD_LIMIT=11G` it should change MiniMailboxess upload limit to 11G. See https://github.com/minimailboxes/all-in-one#how-to-adjust-the-upload-limit-for-minimailboxes for allowed values.
- [ ] When starting the mastercontainer with `-e MINIMAILBOXES_MAX_TIME=4000` it should change MiniMailboxess upload max time 4000s. See https://github.com/minimailboxes/all-in-one#how-to-adjust-the-max-execution-time-for-minimailboxes for allowed values.
- [ ] When starting the mastercontainer with `-e DOCKER_SOCKET_PATH="/var/run/docker.sock.raw"` it should map `/var/run/docker.sock.raw` to `/var/run/docker.sock` inside the watchtower container which allow to update the mastercontainer on macos and with docker rootless.
- [ ] When starting the mastercontainer with `-e DISABLE_BACKUP_SECTION=true` it should hide the backup section that gets shown after AIO is set up (everything of [020-backup-and-restore](./020-backup-and-restore.md)) and simply show that the backup section is disabled.
- [ ] When starting the mastercontainer with `-e TRUSTED_CACERTS_DIR=/path/to/my/cacerts`, the resulting minimailboxes container should trust all the Certification Authorities, whose certificates are included in the directory `/path/to/my/cacerts` on the host.
See https://github.com/minimailboxes/all-in-one#how-to-trust-user-defiend-certification-authorities-ca
- [ ] When starting the mastercontainer with `-e COLLABORA_SECCOMP_DISABLED=true`, the resulting collabora container should have `--o:security.seccomp=false` applied to it.

You can now continue with [070-timezone-change.md](./070-timezone-change.md)
